The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Did you see the fight? No. Oh my God, dude.
He's one of the greatest heavyweight fights of all time.
One of the greatest boxing matches of all time. Yeah. Have you seen it yet?
Jamie? We can't.
Hear you. I watched it live. Yeah.
Yeah. Did you your pants?
Uh, no. I was tired long day, so I was just sort of watching it.
What did you scream out at all? No, you don't scream out of things. Still do. I.
Will on occasion, but I got to be real riled up.
Buckeyes stuff. Right.
It depends really. I'll be honest.
I'm trying to think of last time I did actually I'm with something happen.
I screamed on occasion. Kanye and Kim got divorced. No.
When Kim showed up with that crazy mask on Dude,
that fight had a screaming, we were screaming. It was,
we had an awesome watching party. Yeah. So it was, uh, it was Phil.
It was a Laura bites and it was Tony and I, Jimmy.
Been too low.
Joe Moscow, all these friends of Tony's and Tony's family.
And it was amazing. It was, uh, it was, uh, you know,
there's something about watching fights with a bunch of people.
It's very festive, you know, when everyone's screaming and cheering on,
it's like, it's more exciting. It's like, you got a small crowd.
It's almost like you're watching it live when you are watching live.
But you're also like watching it in a small crowd. Yeah.
It was cool.
Cause like we go to a lot of cities on a lot of different nights and there's
never a boxing match like that.
Like we don't ever really do a viewing party like that,
but it was so fitting that we were to me that we were an hour away from
Youngstown, which is like a real boxing city, boom, boom,
and Kelly Pavlik and all those greats, uh, that came out of there.
Be able to watch that fight live and to catch it live because it was so good.
It was so crazy. It was so action filled. I mean,
it was amazing from Tyson fury,
knock and Wilder down early to Wilder looking like he was done.
I just right-hand boom. He had Tyson fury on co weird street.
Look at how that conscious look at all that.
That's what they call it because you don't know what's going on. It's odd.
It's a word for OD. It's an old, it's an old saying it's nothing to a gay folks.
Look at this. Boom. Look at this punch. Look at the fat. Watch his fat ripper.
Oh wow. Crazy bro. That's how hard Deontay Wilder punches.
Let me see that again.
Cause that is there's maybe one or two other humans that have ever lived that
can punch as hard as this guy, these, without a doubt,
one of the hardest punches of all time.
So he smashes Tyson fury while he's getting his kicked,
smashes him with his right hand, the fourth round. Look at that fat roll down.
Look at that fat. Look at it rolled down. I mean,
that's the shock waves that ripple through his head. Most human beings,
right there, a going out most human beings, shedding them.
And then he hits him again and clubs him to the ground there.
He hit him behind the ear. He he's a murderous puncher, but the,
the level of skill was so evident.
The difference is Tyson fury is a masterful boxer.
I mean he's masterful the that he did was amazing. And his strategy was amazing.
Just stay glued to Deontay where on them, hang on them,
make them work. And just, just you just drag them deeper and deeper,
deeper into these horrible waters filled with crocodiles.
And that's what he did. And almost got knocked out doing it.
That's how dangerous Wilder is while there is like the opposite of Ooh,
sick, like [inaudible] is like this insane boxer.
Who's this insane footwork in motion and Wilder kind of looks awkward at
times, but if he hits you once you're.
Even if you're the one of the greatest boxes of all time, like Tyson fury,
if you're one of the gray he's, without a doubt,
one of the greatest heavyweight boxers ever six foot dine,
277 pounds and lightning fast for a
guy that big, he moves so well. He moves his jabs.
I mean, isn't it crazy destiny? What are the odds that,
that guy who could be Paul Jenkins or Mike Smith just as
easily. His name is Tyson fury.
A heavyweight God is named Tyson fury.
What are the odds of that? It's amazing. Like Mike Tyson,
one of the goats fury six, nine.
Crazy greatest name of all time. Yeah.
That's like, that's like a great comedian.
Literally his parents named him like funny pants Smith or something joking.
Hey, we know a joking.
Well, his whole family was into fighting.
Like he was learning how to box one time. He was a small, small boy.
Like he's always known how to box
Deontay Wilder didn't even take up boxing until he was 19 and Deontay Wilder
won a bronze medal in the Olympic games a year and a half after boxing.
Wow. He's a special talent. Just,
just insane power.
But the difference in the level of understanding of where to be and where not to
be, how to move,
how to have a faint and how to draw reactions is set traps the differences
out of this world. But Deontay hits so hard. It almost didn't matter.
It almost didn't matter.
The Tyson fury was so much more skillful and so much slicker with so much more
experience. Tyson fury hits so hard that it almost didn't matter.
My dad's girlfriend had her head in her hands.
After that round we're fear, he got knocked down twice. It was crazy.
Cause she just like, was she felt bad for this guy that was getting beat up on.
And I touched her shoulder and I go,
that guy is going to come back and win this fight. And she goes, really.
You might've been wrong.
I could have easily been wrong, but now you're talking.
Now I know what the hell is going on.
Jack. No one knew Jack. And that fight when he got dropped,
we all thought it was over. I was like, oh my God, he's. Cause he got hit hard.
You could tell like when he got up, he was not really there.
And then when he got clubbed in the back of the head and fell down again or
behind the ear and fell down again, I was like, oh my God.
But then he came back. He did come back.
The craziest comeback ever was him in the 12th round of the first fight.
That was the craziest that's nuts. That didn't even make sense.
But there was some controversy about this fight.
And one of the controversies was the extremely counts.
When a Tyson ferry went down, Cormier,
I believe fairly benefited from crazy slow count.
That's right after being knocked down by Wilder,
Daniel Cormier believes the referee made a bad call in the fourth round versus a
fury versus Wilder three. Well he's correct. This is what happened.
The count is supposed to the referee is supposed to go one,
two when the guy goes down.
But if for any reason he has to interrupt the count because like there like
another, the fighter, the, the other,
the opponent needs to be told to go to the neutral corner.
You're supposed to pick up the count where the ringside counter has it.
So there's a guy who's counting ringside and he'll keep the count going.
So if you are at one two, and then you like go to a neutral corner,
that guy is supposed to be like 3, 4, 5. That should,
but he didn't. He went back to it three, four,
but the guy had already been down for a couple of seconds without a doubt.
It was a long count. That's.
The problem with boxing though. That's what people have a problem with.
That's like considered kind of like.
It's one of two things.
It's either a mistake and the guy made an error or maybe there's
a, I don't think, I don't think those there's a different law in new,
in Vegas. I don't think the law.
I don't think there's a rule that allows them to do that. I think it's an error.
It or corruption. Most likely an error.
Most likely the guy's panicking. He's in this huge fight.
I don't know how many big high profile fights.
I'm not that well-schooled on a boxing. Referees. I know a few of them.
I used to know more of them back in the day, but I know a few of them.
I didn't haven't I don't know if I've seen that guy work before,
so I don't know if he's panicking, but boxing's got.
There should be somebody overseeing him though. That goes, Hey, you can't do.
Exactly. This should be a thing that's like loud. As a guy goes down,
here's my take on it. It shouldn't be up to the referee account.
It shouldn't be, he can go 1, 2, 3,
or you can go one, two.
It shouldn't be that there should be a count, right? It should be 10 seconds.
And there should be like a LCD screen. And when a guy goes down,
it starts at 10. And when he, you know,
when it gets to or starts at one or zero or whatever.
Japanese or Chinese, they do that. Right. Something like that.
I feel like I've seen that before.
In what? In boxing? I think.
I feel like it's a different thing. It's like a loud over the wan,
but it's like Chinese.
Well, I know they've done that on some boxing telecasts where you hear
the ringside count.
I know that for a fact and I know guys have picked it up at certain.
Kelly picked it up at five six, but in this case there was without a doubt,
like a gap where he was directing some stuff inside the ring.
And then he came back and picked up the count. So it was definitely long.
The question is could fury have gotten up maybe,
but could he have gotten up two seconds earlier, three seconds earlier,
whatever the extra count was and could Wilder have jumped on him and hurt him
again? Yeah, that's possible too. You don't know. I mean,
when a guy gets to that hurt, if you give them any extra time is a bonus.
Any three seconds, four seconds. That makes a big difference.
That's between the world's spinning and all of a sudden the world's not spending
any.
Well, I noticed that ref kept doing that. Put your gloves up.
Now walk towards me with your gloves up now.
And then he would wipe the gloves like he did at each free.
At least he kept it sort of consistent, but that's still.
Yeah. That's standard. Cause you got to find out if a guy,
if a guy goes down and then you go put your gloves on,
walk towards me and he walks towards you and he's like, start stumbling,
stop the fight. Right? Because you don't know, it's just,
it's just guesswork and it's all subjective. Right?
One referee will stop a fight when a guy is getting up and another referee will
let it go. There's a lot of referees who would have stopped this fight earlier.
There's quite a few referees where when Tyson fury was battering,
Deontay Wilder, they would stop the fight. You know?
And this was a Wilder's argument about the first fight or the second fight.
When he did get stopped,
he felt like he could have kept going judging by this fight.
He probably is correct. He probably could have kept going,
but he might've gotten knocked out there, but he could have kept going.
Like in this fight, it looked like in that one round,
I think it was the second or Tyson fury drop Deontay Wilder and he barely
survived and he made it to the, to the end bell.
What if that was the beginning of the round? You know what if, what if you know,
who knows? It's it's you never know.
So could he have gone on from the second fight when they stopped the fight?
Probably, you know, maybe it was like for his health, that is a corner,
threw the towel and stopped the fight.
Maybe they know him and they know how tough he is.
That's what you see in this fight. You see how tough he is,
how much pain and how much punishment he endured and still was dangerous.
Still hurt fury. And still heard him again after that. Right? He,
he heard him one other time later. Didn't drop him, but hurt him.
So you heard him on a few occasions, but when he went out, man,
he went out bad that he went out, but that's a bad knockout. That was a bat.
And Tyson fury said it best. He goes,
that's the kind of knockout that can end a career. Yeah. I mean, it might not,
but that was a bad knockout show. Show the knockout,
he wings a left hook,
misses it and steps in with a right hand that just spins his head around.
It was.
Yeah. Hitting the map, like woke him up. He was out on his way down.
And when we were watching them, we were like,
this is the greatest fight I've ever seen in my life. Yeah.
So fun.
The thing is it's like, how does he comes back from that?
Like he's 35.
I think his trainer said he doesn't want them to even think about it.
He just wants him to do nothing. But rest don't even think about boxing,
just take a rest, you earned it. Like let's just, don't don't get all anxious,
anxious, and ramp up for the rematch. Cause that's what he did for this,
this fight.
Apparently when he got beaten in the second fight and he felt like there was all
sorts of controversy attached to it and it got real ugly with the accusations.
Like he accused all, but accused his trainer of being involved in it.
It was his trainer who was mark Breland. Watch this again. Look at this.
Watch the end, the left. Here's the right. Boom. I mean bro,
Al that is crazy. That is a crazy knockout.
And in a fight. Look at one more time. Say it again.
He hits him with a right hand. He knows he's got them hurt. Let them go.
Left-hand here's the left misses with? Well that boom.
He clipped him with the left too, but the right was perfect.
What a fight. When it was over, we were like, holy. What a rollercoaster ride?
Well, one of the most exciting boxing matches of all time, for sure.
Yeah. Crazy. That a guy is six, nine going up against the guy.
6, 6, 7. True heavyweight. Yeah. Crazy. True.
The other thing was Deontay while there was 2 38 for that fight,
which is the heaviest of his career. He was 2 0 9 for their first fight. Yeah.
And it's like, you know, is that good?
Is it good to put all that extra weight on like maybe,
maybe it helped him fight him off. Maybe it hindered his movement.
If you could teach Deontay Wilder, footwork, like real foot look well,
how to bounce and move and slide in,
slide out and not be awkward at all to be slick God with that punch.
It's almost like the punches.
It's almost like it hinders a fighter in a certain way have that kind of power
because you know, all you have to do is hit a guy.
So all you're thinking about doing is hitting him and it worked 49,
41 times he's knocked out 41 guys or 40,
I think he's like 41. Yeah.
He had one decision out of his 41 victories, which is crazy.
That's the craziest record in the history of the sport.
There's not a single guy. That's knocked out as many guys as Deontay Wilder has.
If you could teach that guy how to move like Tyson fury does.
If you could teach that guy how to pretend he doesn't have any power,
like just really develop real boxing skills, just move.
And just almost pretend you can't break an egg, just be in the right position,
always and just touch people, just touch because he hits so hard, man.
But people that have that kind of power for whatever reason,
they always not always,
but a lot of times they rely on it because it's so extraordinary.
They just know that all they have to do is land.
That one shot the guys who were like the masterful boxers. They never have the,
like the Julio Cesar Chavez is of the world.
He's one of the most masterful boxers ever,
but he never was like a one punch guy. He would break guys down.
He would very rarely stop someone with one punch in the first round.
Most of the fights,
it was just him just beating the out of people like super technically.
And he would just move in and throw shots and every shot was coming your way was
accurate. And eventually it break fighters down, smash them.
But if you can get a guy like Deontay Wilder to pretend he doesn't have power
and to learn how to box like a Julio, Cesar Chavez,
he definitely one of the greatest fighters of all time.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.